[Music]
Hello how are you my hearts How are you
family Well I'm delighted to be
here with you one more day in a
video in which we're going to comment on a few
words from our dear Rosa Villa
Cattín. Well every time a
clip of her comes out that goes viral like this
and her name comes into play you
tell me to bring her back Teresa and so
on let's see she's more than invited she
's in her house I love Rosa Villa
cachin and not only as a great
professional which is that I think this
is not even debatable nor does it
need to be said I mean the career that
Rosa Villa Cattín has, let
's go, it's history of television and
the world of the press not only
the gossip press okay the
gossip press is a person to be very
respected she's a professional to be very
respected and to be taken into account I mean
for me it's an honor for me it's an honor
dedicating myself to what I do to have
had on my channel to have had on my
program a chat with Rosa Villa
cachin okay the press of everything I mean in
the press of everything in the world of  the
television in the programs of La
Crónica Social is impressive the
career of Rosa is a person well
that has the doors open here there is no
need for me to invite her But well I will
tell her again someday I will
tell her again someday but yes it is
an honor to have had her here she is a
person that you will see more and more in
political issues Maybe you can
agree or not agree but that is what
debates are about and that is what
opinions are about not that everyone is
free thinker and everyone has their own
things no and their way and when it
comes time to vote, let them vote but in
the world of the heart she is a person and in
the world of television with an
impeccable career, irreproachable okay
so I am going to tell you that I am going to
tell you not about the program that she had with
Ana Rosa Quintana discoverer of Jorge
Javier that we are going to be talking about in
this video anyway from here we send her
a huge hug we are going to react to
some words that she had the other day for
Jorge Javier and before continuing and
watching the video that we are going to put because I
am getting too carried away I would ask you
all please  those of you who are arriving
right now to this channel and are not
subscribed, which I think will be very few,
remember that you can subscribe
completely free, you just have to
click on the
subscribe button okay, you will automatically
become part of this beautiful
community that we are creating, which every
day we are more and more, I am completely crazy
with this channel you are taking my
life away but I adore you okay Rosa Villa
casting
says I discovered Jorge Javier, he got
really carried away I told him that he was subjugated
by Carrasco that it would be his ruin when you
are presenting you cannot humiliate
the collaborators what he does with Teresa
Campos touches my soul
let's listen to her If I tell you that I
discovered Jorge Javier Yes, I was the one who
brings him television we
were already talking about this now let's see the
clip the gossip TV when I was when
she was here commenting on us okay she
was already talking about this here She
had this program in company
with Ana Rosa Quintana and
that was where Jorge Javier began okay And he
began to well his face began to be
known on television they
began to show him there and from there to
heaven okay
les  I'm in charge of television now because he's
going to interview me an
interview I say but you're good he was
very young I'm how good you are I say I'm going to
start a program do you want to come
with me No because back then I was very
shy the interview isn't published and I'll
send him a centerpiece of white roses with
a card that if he's waiting for the
contract I
want to tell you, watch out, look at you El Salto,
look at you El Salto Hey I love him very much and I
admire him a lot I think he's very
prepared he's a very
prepared person but he's really
gone too far
in telling you to shut up stay at home The
truth is that what I said to the person
who discovered him eh be careful and on
WhatsApp it was he's under swayed by Carrasco
and it's going to be your downfall he answers
but he answered badly because he could have
also answered on WhatsApp but he
preferred to do it that way I'll
play it cool yes you're going to get it back yes
watch out Rosa has it in for him eh
watch out when you're on a program
presenting a program you can't
humiliate the collaborators
Boom when you're the Let's see when you're the
presenter something  a person
who is in the debate or that you are
debating that you are a collaborator, not
that you go for whatever it is, but you have to
be very clear about what your position is and
you cannot abuse your position as
presenter, you have no. And for example,
what is being done now with Teresa
Campos
touches my soul, of course, I mean, I think that of
course a person who has seen the entire
career and the entire journey of María
Teresa Campo, but there I did not blame
Jorge Javier, eh, I blame the daughters a lot, I do
not know if you will agree, nor does she
deserve it because she has been in that house for a
long time,
her two daughters are on the program, if
there is an interesting person here, it is the
driver she has who has been with her for 40 years,
taking care of her as if she were his son and
then that they try to sow discord
precisely with that person, it
hurts me a lot, of course, normal, he has
known her all his life, he has worked
with her and I think that Jorge should
avoid it, he does not need it, he has earned all the
money in the world, he has recognition, he
does theater, he writes books, he should not
fall for that,
brutal words from Rosa villacaching
before finishing the video I wanted to
show you this clip  of telesalseo okay it's
a piece of the conversation I had with her
also talks about Jorge Javier I
want to put it for you to remember and
think about it especially to think about it okay let's
see you can say that you discovered
Jorge Javier Vázquez it's
not that you can say it's that
he says it himself
[Music]
and when the interview ended I told him
Hey you're good because the truth is that
I hardly knew him and haha ​​he laughed like
that because he was very shy and such And when
the magazine came out I sent him
a bouquet of roses telling him
a contract is waiting for you
and he came look And look Where is he
now well Well I think he's one
of the best presenters there is I would
tell him that he also has to
calm down that
the programs know all the
programs go through stages of higher and
lower in a program like Sálvame it's
very difficult to change no but he has
experience it
seems very bad to me when they mess
with the collaborators or start to take
things from the collaborators Because that
means that later people  lose
respect no And I don't like that about
Sálvame but of course you have to
fill a lot of hours and there are characters
that I appreciate a lot like Lozano like
Gema or Terelu who for me is like a
daughter yes So I would tell them to
make changes calmly
because they can't all be made but
above all to forget about the
paquirrines And all of those that
I can no longer put them when they say the
paquirrines when they say the paquirrines
Who are you referring to
Pantoja, the other one on the motorcycle, all
that whole family that
resembles, resembles a lot what he says what he
said here in three salseo to what he
said here in the program with Fran
Blanco no family I will be reading the
comments box I send you a
huge hug and until the next video I
love you very much
[Music]